5/5/17 - This week I implemented all code I need for basic functionality of my app. I struggled with Parrot's SDK as there was very little documentation on how to implement the code they provided. I worked on keeping all parts I added organized and commented with a short description of each code block and what it does. I then worked on making the first part of the Google Maps API work, which was difficult, but easier because there was great documentation on implementing it in a simple yet effective way. I need to add better comments, but for now I can wait on that. I feel that I was very successful in implementing the Google Maps API as it makes or breaks my app's functionality.

5/12/17 - This week I attempted to get the Drone to take off with Parrot's SDK. I ran into tons of problems with multiple methods provided by the SDK, and spent multiple days finding and fixing them. Finally, I ran into a problem with a Dictionary of ENUMs provided by the SDK, and found no way around it. This being in a long list of problems, I became extremely discouraged and decided to move on. My greatest success this week was quite honestly my improvement as a programmer. I learned so much more about how debugging works in the real world, outside of a class. I learned that you can't always depend on others to find and fix your problems, and you sometimes need to use your own logic to solve things. My greatest challenge this week would have to be the many bugs from the SDK implementation.

5/19/17 - This week I worked on other miscellaneous bugs. Most of them were small and simple UI things that needed a quick change of formatting or features that should have been there to begin with. I also did a little bit of error handling for some critical things. The most difficult thing I attempted to solve was an issue with location on the main Map activity. I wanted to have the marker find and go to my current location, but I couldn't find a way to set Lattitude and Longitude to the Lattitude and Longitude of the user's location. I spent a bit of time trying to find a simple and easy method to do this, but found nothing that could be easily implemented. My most successful thing of the week was the amount of small things I fixed in as short an amount of time as possible.
